---
layout: post
title: Thomas's Epic Parade of Forgotten Blog Posts, no. 2-Lab 8
author:
- Thomas Moslander
---
# I Have a Binder of Pokemon Cards Worth Approximately $893.54 so I Chose to Use Pokemon Cards for Lab 8

Another title worthy of a *Fall Out Boy* song title. 

## The Easiest Parts of the Tutorial

Adding a data model felt pretty easy and intuitive, and I was able to easily translate from the model I created for the tutorial to the model I created for my own version.

## The Confusing Parts of the Tutorial

Seeding the database gave me a few problems with the tutorial, but worked fine with my version. Alternatively, adding search by genre was fine with the tutorial, but I could never figure out how to implement search by expansion set in my version.

## Difficult Translations

As mentioned earlier, the hardest thing to translate when making my own application was search by expansion set, in contrast to search by genre. In fact, I was never able to implement it. :(

## Parallels Between Jekyll and Razor Frameworks

To be honest, I'm not quite sure I could answer this question. Because of all the trouble I had with Ruby near the beginning of the semester, and because I keep forgetting about updating this blog, I'm not super familiar with the Jekyll framework. What I can say, though, is that I'm much more familiar now with the Razor Pages framework, and prefer it over the Jekyll framework (as much fun as I have with this blog, I don't think I can find it in my heart to forgive Ruby. Or this cursed Windows machine.)

## Confidence in Razor Applications

After this lab, I felt fairly confident in making another Razor application, especially with Lab 9 and taking it a step further by having a more complicated structure than just a single data model.

[Here's](https://github.com/tmoslander/csci340lab8) the link to my Github repo for lab 8!
